L Hall

L Hall is Satama Areena's main hall located on the first floor of the building.

The main hall is capable of holding up to 1518 persons seated in rows.

You are able to squeeze 820 seats from the long 8 person tables. The circular 10 person tables can hold up to 750 people in total.

The Hall also supports our stage of 12m in width and 9m in depth as well as the house presenting technology.

For standing gigs, the L hall can be installed with a 15 meter long bar table. It is also possible to make dedicated 'over 18' areas.

You can easily find multiple LVIS wells and electrical outlets from the floor of the L Hall. This allows for different kinds of fairs to take place at our hall.

The L hall allows for an excellent experience in business and entertainment. The day begins at our S Hall and by the evening, the guests have moved to the other side of the curtains to the M hall to relax and network to the taste of good food and the sounds of music.



XS Hall

The XS hall found on the second floor of Satama Areena is a collective space.

The hall can be used for the show runners VIP box with a view of the main stage. 8 person long tables, catering is provided on the premises, toilet on the second floor is close, a private coat hanger and passes to the L Hall. A VIP experience like no other! 

For bigger conferences, the hall can be equipped with a 6m x 4m stage and the necessary presenting accessories. With the stage in the hall, it can hold up to 312 chairs in a row. One row can hold 14 chairs.

In a classroom setting (2 person lecture tables), the XS hall can hold up to 204 persons at best.

The hall can hold 31 of the long 8 person tables. Making for 248 seats. 

The hall also holds 4x 75" moveable TVs with an HDMI base. The hall can be equipped with sound equipment as well as a projector and a white screen.



S Hall

The S hall can be formed on the first floor after the L hall is divided into two with a sound proof temporary wall. The club sized S halls max capacity is 725 persons sitting down or 600 persons standing up during the event

The S hall works best for 250-700 person seminars, stand-up gigs as well as for acoustic concerts. Show runners can also ask for extra seats on the second floor after which the maximum capacity is raised to 950 persons.

The rising grandstands is a part of the hall. The stands can be activated in three different slots. There are 250 seats per stand slot for seminars. Seminars and concerts are supported with the S halls presenting technology. There is also the possibility to add an 8m x 6m presenting stage or mattress. 

For different themed seated events, S hall can be transformed from a 725 grandstand to a large 12m x 9m stage and L hall, with row upon row of chairs.

The seminars can include a few hour long cruise of the Kotka archipelago or an awe-inspiring rafting trip of Kymijoki. On the south-eastern coast you can find a comprehensive list of activities. We will be more than happy to help you experience them the best way possible!



M Hall

The M hall can be formed on the first floor after the L hall is divided into two with a sound proof temporary wall.

The hall contains the houses presenting technology along side a 12m x 9m stage. 

Event examples:

Seated dinner utilizing the long 8 person tables. Maximum capacity of 424 persons.
Or with the round 10 person tables. Maximum capacity of 320 persons.

For concerts or conferences, a possibility house 400 persons in rows of chairs.

The stage and house presenting technology support well for example a cocktail event or concert where the maximum capacity for seated persons is 400.



XL Hall

Once you take all of Satama Areena's halls into use, you get the XL hall. At that point you have full access to the L hall and XS hall along side the rising grandstand. It is the biggest and most impressive complete space Satama Areena can offer. It allows for many different types of events. The maximum capacity of the whole hall is around 3200 persons for standing events. Be it a grand concert or a party conference, You will fit in this space!